update application-failover.md (#767)
karmada-io/website: docs/userguide/failover/application-failover.md

You can edit `suppressDeletion` to false in `gracefulEvictionTasks` to evict the application in the failed cluster after you confirm the failure.

## Application State Preservation

Starting from v1.12, the application-level failover feature adds support for stateful application failover, it provides a generalized way for users to define application state preservation in the context of cluster-to-cluster failovers.

In releases prior to v1.12, Karmada’s scheduling logic runs on the assumption that resources that are scheduled and rescheduled are stateless. In some cases, users may desire to conserve a certain state so that applications can resume from where they left off in the previous cluster. For CRDs dealing with data-processing (such as Flink or Spark), it can be particularly useful to restart applications from a previous checkpoint. That way applications can seamlessly resume processing data while avoiding double processing.

> To meet the aforementioned requirements, starting from version v1.12, the application-level failover  has introduced a mechanism for preserving application state, providing users with a general way to define application state preservation in the context of of cluster-to-cluster failovers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To meet the aforementioned requirements, starting from v1.12, the application-level failover has introduced a mechanism for preserving application state, providing users with a general way to define application state preservation in the context of of cluster-to-cluster failovers.
```

Author: better

`StatePreservation` is a field under `.spec.failover.application`, it defines the policy for preserving and restoring state data during failover events for stateful applications. When an application fails over from one cluster to another, this policy enables the extraction of critical data from the original resource configuration.

It contains a list of `StatePreservationRule` configurations. Each rule specifies a JSONPath expression targeting specific pieces of state data to be preserved during failover events. An `AliasLabelName` is associated with each rule, serving as a label key when the preserved data is passed to the new cluster. 

As an example, in a Flink application, `jobID` is a unique identifier used to distinguish and manage different Flink jobs. Each Flink job is assigned a `jobID` when it is submitted to the Flink cluster. When a job fails, the Flink application can use the `jobID` to recover the state of the pre-failure job and continue execution from the point of failure. The configuration and steps are as follows:

```yaml
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: PropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: foo
spec:

>   #...

Reviewer 2: Providing a full configuration would make it easier for people to understand.

It contains a list of `StatePreservationRule` configurations. Each rule specifies a JSONPath expression targeting specific pieces of state data to be preserved during failover events. An `AliasLabelName` is associated with each rule, serving as a label key when the preserved data is passed to the new cluster. 

As an example, in a Flink application, `jobID` is a unique identifier used to distinguish and manage different Flink jobs. Each Flink job is assigned a `jobID` when it is submitted to the Flink cluster. When a job fails, the Flink application can use the `jobID` to recover the state of the pre-failure job and continue execution from the point of failure. The configuration and steps are as follows:

```yaml
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: PropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: foo
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: flink.apache.org/v1beta1
      kind: FlinkDeployment

>       name: flink

Reviewer 2: See example at
https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/issues/4049#issuecomment-1713775090

      purgeMode: Immediately
      statePreservation:
        rules:
          - aliasLabelName: application.karmada.io/failover-jobid
            jsonPath: "{ .jobStatus.jobID }"
```

> 1. Before migration, the Karmada controller will extract the job IDs according to the `jsonPath` configured by the user.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Before migration, the Karmada controller will grab the job IDs from the status of FlinkDeployment according to the `jsonPath` configured by the user.  
```

2. During migration, the Karmada controller injects the extracted job ID into the Flink application configuration as a label, e.g. `application.karmada.io/failover-jobid : <jobID>`. 

> 3. Kyverno running on a member cluster intercepts the Flink application creation request and gets the checkpoint data storage path for the job based on the `jobID`, e.g. `/<shared-path>/<job-namespace>/<jobId>/checkpoints/xxx`, then configures the `initialSavepointPath` to indicate that it will start from the save point.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Kyverno running on a member cluster intercepts the FlinkDeployment creation request and gets the checkpoint data storage path for the job based on the `jobID`, e.g. `/<shared-path>/<job-namespace>/<jobId>/checkpoints/xxx`, then configures the `initialSavepointPath` to indicate that it will start from the save point.  
```

> 4. The Flink application restarts based on the checkpoint data under `initialSavepointPath`, thus inheriting the final state saved before the migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. The FlinkDeployment starts based on the checkpoint data under `initialSavepointPath`, thus inheriting the final state saved before the migration.
```
